`LLM-generated` can be added with comments (#843)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/contribute/index.md

Getting code to mathlib's standards requires understanding and writing Lean code by hand. If you just want to help and not put in the learning effort, making a PR to mathlib is counterproductive: the effort required from the mathlib maintainers is larger than the benefit, because the time used to improve the quality of the code will not result in a better quality in future PRs.

> If you use artificial intelligence (such as, by using github's copilot mode, asking an LLM like [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) or using an agent like [Codex](https://openai.com/codex/), [Claude](https://claude.ai/), [Gemini](https://gemini.google.com/app), or even Lean-dedicated agents like [Aristotle](https://aristotle.harmonic.fun/)), please explain this in the PR description. Explain which tool(s) you used and how you used it. This provides useful context for reviewers: tools make different mistakes than humans, so knowing this makes it easier to spot common errors. If your PR contains a substantial amount of LLM-generated code, add the `LLM-generated` label by commenting `LLM-generated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use artificial intelligence (such as, by using github's copilot mode, asking an LLM like [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) or using an agent like [Codex](https://openai.com/codex/), [Claude](https://claude.ai/), [Gemini](https://gemini.google.com/app), or even Lean-dedicated agents like [Aristotle](https://aristotle.harmonic.fun/)), please explain this in the PR description. Explain which tool(s) you used and how you used it. This provides useful context for reviewers: tools make different mistakes than humans, so knowing this makes it easier to spot common errors. If your PR contains a substantial amount of LLM-generated code, add the `LLM-generated` label by adding the comment `LLM-generated`.
```

- `easy` will add the **"easy"** label
- `-easy` will remove the **"easy"** label
- `help-wanted`, `-help-wanted`, `please-adopt`, `-please-adopt` can be used to mark a PR in need of external input.

> - `LLM-generated`, `-LLM-generated` can be used to mark a PR as containing LLM-generated code (remember to explain specifics in the description!).

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
- `LLM-generated`, `-LLM-generated` should be used to mark a PR containing a substantial amount of LLM-generated code. (Remember that if you used AI, you must explain the specifics in the PR description.)
```
